GO:0070161	A cell junction that mechanically attaches a cell (and its cytoskeleton) to neighboring cells or to the extracellular matrix.
GO:0042995	A prolongation or process extending from a cell, e.g. a flagellum or axon.
GO:0005886	The membrane surrounding a cell that separates the cell from its external environment. It consists of a phospholipid bilayer and associated proteins.
GO:0005923	An occluding cell-cell junction that is composed of a branching network of sealing strands that completely encircles the apical end of each cell in an epithelial sheet; the outer leaflets of the two interacting plasma membranes are seen to be tightly apposed where sealing strands are present. Each sealing strand is composed of a long row of transmembrane adhesion proteins embedded in each of the two interacting plasma membranes.
GO:0014069	An electron dense network of proteins within and adjacent to the postsynaptic membrane of an asymmetric, neuron-neuron synapse. Its major components include neurotransmitter receptors and the proteins that spatially and functionally organize them such as anchoring and scaffolding molecules, signaling enzymes and cytoskeletal components.
GO:0005515	Binding to a protein.
GO:0120192	A cellular process that results in the aggregation, arrangement and bonding together of a set of components to form a tight junction. A tight junction seals cells together in an epithelium in a way that prevents even small molecules from leaking from one side of the sheet to the other.
GO:0016327	The apical end of the lateral plasma membrane of epithelial cells.
GO:0045202	The junction between an axon of one neuron and a dendrite of another neuron, a muscle fiber or a glial cell. As the axon approaches the synapse it enlarges into a specialized structure, the presynaptic terminal bouton, which contains mitochondria and synaptic vesicles. At the tip of the terminal bouton is the presynaptic membrane; facing it, and separated from it by a minute cleft (the synaptic cleft) is a specialized area of membrane on the receiving cell, known as the postsynaptic membrane. In response to the arrival of nerve impulses, the presynaptic terminal bouton secretes molecules of neurotransmitters into the synaptic cleft. These diffuse across the cleft and transmit the signal to the postsynaptic membrane.
GO:0016324	The region of the plasma membrane located at the apical end of the cell.
GO:0030425	A neuron projection that has a short, tapering, morphology. Dendrites receive and integrate signals from other neurons or from sensory stimuli, and conduct nerve impulses towards the axon or the cell body. In most neurons, the impulse is conveyed from dendrites to axon via the cell body, but in some types of unipolar neuron, the impulse does not travel via the cell body.
GO:0045177	The region of a polarized cell that forms a tip or is distal to a base. For example, in a polarized epithelial cell, the apical region has an exposed surface and lies opposite to the basal lamina that separates the epithelium from other tissue.
GO:0016020	A lipid bilayer along with all the proteins and protein complexes embedded in it and attached to it.
GO:0005737	The contents of a cell excluding the plasma membrane and nucleus, but including other subcellular structures.
GO:0043005	A prolongation or process extending from a nerve cell, e.g. an axon or dendrite.
