GO:0005515	Binding to a protein.
GO:0005765	The lipid bilayer surrounding the lysosome and separating its contents from the cell cytoplasm.
GO:0070062	A vesicle that is released into the extracellular region by fusion of the limiting endosomal membrane of a multivesicular body with the plasma membrane. Extracellular exosomes, also simply called exosomes, have a diameter of about 40-100 nm.
GO:0005834	Any of a family of heterotrimeric GTP-binding and hydrolyzing proteins; they belong to a superfamily of GTPases that includes monomeric proteins such as EF-Tu and RAS. Heterotrimeric G-proteins consist of three subunits; the alpha subunit contains the guanine nucleotide binding site and possesses GTPase activity; the beta and gamma subunits are tightly associated and function as a beta-gamma heterodimer; extrinsic plasma membrane proteins (cytoplasmic face) that function as a complex to transduce signals from G protein-coupled receptors to an effector protein.
GO:0045202	The junction between an axon of one neuron and a dendrite of another neuron, a muscle fiber or a glial cell. As the axon approaches the synapse it enlarges into a specialized structure, the presynaptic terminal bouton, which contains mitochondria and synaptic vesicles. At the tip of the terminal bouton is the presynaptic membrane; facing it, and separated from it by a minute cleft (the synaptic cleft) is a specialized area of membrane on the receiving cell, known as the postsynaptic membrane. In response to the arrival of nerve impulses, the presynaptic terminal bouton secretes molecules of neurotransmitters into the synaptic cleft. These diffuse across the cleft and transmit the signal to the postsynaptic membrane.
GO:0007213	A G protein-coupled receptor signaling pathway initiated by a ligand binding to an acetylcholine receptor on the surface of a target cell, and ends with regulation of a downstream cellular process, e.g. transcription.
GO:0001750	The outer segment of a vertebrate photoreceptor that contains a stack of membrane discs embedded with photoreceptor proteins.
GO:0050909	The series of events required for an organism to receive a gustatory stimulus, convert it to a molecular signal, and recognize and characterize the signal. Gustation involves the direct detection of chemical composition, usually through contact with chemoreceptor cells. This is a neurological process.
GO:0051020	Binding to a GTPase, any enzyme that catalyzes the hydrolysis of GTP.
GO:0044877	Binding to a macromolecular complex.
GO:0005829	The part of the cytoplasm that does not contain organelles but which does contain other particulate matter, such as protein complexes.
GO:0030159	The binding activity of a molecule that provides a physical support for the assembly of a multiprotein receptor signaling complex.
GO:0003924	Catalysis of the reaction: GTP + H2O = GDP + H+ + phosphate.
GO:0060041	The process whose specific outcome is the progression of the retina over time, from its formation to the mature structure. The retina is the innermost layer or coating at the back of the eyeball, which is sensitive to light and in which the optic nerve terminates.
GO:1903561	Any vesicle that is part of the extracellular region.
GO:0008283	The multiplication or reproduction of cells, resulting in the expansion of a cell population.
GO:0097381	Stack of disc membranes located inside a photoreceptor outer segment, and containing densely packed molecules of photoreceptor proteins that traverse the lipid bilayer. Disc membranes arise as evaginations of the ciliary membrane during the development of the outer segment and may or may not remain contiguous with the ciliary membrane.
GO:0007265	An intracellular signaling cassette in which a small monomeric GTPase of the Ras subfamily relays a signal.
GO:0007191	An adenylate cyclase-activating G protein-coupled receptor signaling pathway initiated by dopamine binding to its receptor, and ending with the regulation of a downstream cellular process.
GO:0071870	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a catecholamine stimulus. A catecholamine is any of a group of biogenic amines that includes 4-(2-aminoethyl)pyrocatechol [4-(2-aminoethyl)benzene-1,2-diol] and derivatives formed by substitution.
GO:0005886	The membrane surrounding a cell that separates the cell from its external environment. It consists of a phospholipid bilayer and associated proteins.
GO:0071380	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a prostagladin E stimulus.
GO:0016020	A lipid bilayer along with all the proteins and protein complexes embedded in it and attached to it.
GO:0007186	The series of molecular signals initiated by a ligand binding to its receptor, in which the activated receptor promotes the exchange of GDP for GTP on the alpha-subunit of an associated heterotrimeric G-protein complex. The GTP-bound activated alpha-G-protein then dissociates from the beta- and gamma-subunits to further transmit the signal within the cell. The pathway begins with receptor-ligand interaction, and ends with regulation of a downstream cellular process. The pathway can start from the plasma membrane, Golgi or nuclear membrane.
GO:0007165	The cellular process in which a signal is conveyed to trigger a change in the activity or state of a cell. Signal transduction begins with reception of a signal (e.g. a ligand binding to a receptor or receptor activation by a stimulus such as light), or for signal transduction in the absence of ligand, signal-withdrawal or the activity of a constitutively active receptor. Signal transduction ends with regulation of a downstream cellular process, e.g. regulation of transcription or regulation of a metabolic process. Signal transduction covers signaling from receptors located on the surface of the cell and signaling via molecules located within the cell. For signaling between cells, signal transduction is restricted to events at and within the receiving cell.
GO:0007200	A G protein-coupled receptor signaling pathway in which the signal is transmitted via the activation of phospholipase C (PLC) and a subsequent increase in the intracellular concentration of inositol trisphosphate (IP3) and diacylglycerol (DAG). IP3 regulates the opening of calcium channels in intracellular calcium store, leading to the release of calcium into the cytosol. Calcium and DAG activate protein kinase C (PKC), which in turn activates downstream effectors.
GO:0005737	The contents of a cell excluding the plasma membrane and nucleus, but including other subcellular structures.
