GO:0007165	The cellular process in which a signal is conveyed to trigger a change in the activity or state of a cell. Signal transduction begins with reception of a signal (e.g. a ligand binding to a receptor or receptor activation by a stimulus such as light), or for signal transduction in the absence of ligand, signal-withdrawal or the activity of a constitutively active receptor. Signal transduction ends with regulation of a downstream cellular process, e.g. regulation of transcription or regulation of a metabolic process. Signal transduction covers signaling from receptors located on the surface of the cell and signaling via molecules located within the cell. For signaling between cells, signal transduction is restricted to events at and within the receiving cell.
GO:0005085	Stimulates the exchange of GDP to GTP on a signaling GTPase, changing its conformation to its active form. Guanine nucleotide exchange factors (GEFs) act by stimulating the release of guanosine diphosphate (GDP) to allow binding of guanosine triphosphate (GTP), which is more abundant in the cell under normal cellular physiological conditions.
GO:0005634	A membrane-bounded organelle of eukaryotic cells in which chromosomes are housed and replicated. In most cells, the nucleus contains all of the cell's chromosomes except the organellar chromosomes, and is the site of RNA synthesis and processing. In some species, or in specialized cell types, RNA metabolism or DNA replication may be absent.
GO:0005829	The part of the cytoplasm that does not contain organelles but which does contain other particulate matter, such as protein complexes.
GO:0005515	Binding to a protein.
GO:0005903	The dense covering of microvilli on the apical surface of an epithelial cell in tissues such as the intestine, kidney, and choroid plexus; the microvilli aid absorption by increasing the surface area of the cell.
GO:0005886	The membrane surrounding a cell that separates the cell from its external environment. It consists of a phospholipid bilayer and associated proteins.
GO:0030695	Binds to and modulates the activity of a GTPase.
GO:0007264	An intracellular signaling cassette in which a small monomeric GTPase relays a signal.
GO:0005737	The contents of a cell excluding the plasma membrane and nucleus, but including other subcellular structures.
GO:0007265	An intracellular signaling cassette in which a small monomeric GTPase of the Ras subfamily relays a signal.
