GO:0004930	Combining with an extracellular signal and transmitting the signal across the membrane by activating an associated G-protein; promotes the exchange of GDP for GTP on the alpha subunit of a heterotrimeric G-protein complex.
GO:0040018	Any process that activates or increases the frequency, rate or extent of growth of an organism to reach its usual body size.
GO:0007165	The cellular process in which a signal is conveyed to trigger a change in the activity or state of a cell. Signal transduction begins with reception of a signal (e.g. a ligand binding to a receptor or receptor activation by a stimulus such as light), or for signal transduction in the absence of ligand, signal-withdrawal or the activity of a constitutively active receptor. Signal transduction ends with regulation of a downstream cellular process, e.g. regulation of transcription or regulation of a metabolic process. Signal transduction covers signaling from receptors located on the surface of the cell and signaling via molecules located within the cell. For signaling between cells, signal transduction is restricted to events at and within the receiving cell.
GO:0007186	The series of molecular signals initiated by a ligand binding to its receptor, in which the activated receptor promotes the exchange of GDP for GTP on the alpha-subunit of an associated heterotrimeric G-protein complex. The GTP-bound activated alpha-G-protein then dissociates from the beta- and gamma-subunits to further transmit the signal within the cell. The pathway begins with receptor-ligand interaction, and ends with regulation of a downstream cellular process. The pathway can start from the plasma membrane, Golgi or nuclear membrane.
GO:0005886	The membrane surrounding a cell that separates the cell from its external environment. It consists of a phospholipid bilayer and associated proteins.
GO:0042593	Any process involved in the maintenance of an internal steady state of glucose within an organism or cell.
GO:0008286	The series of molecular signals generated as a consequence of the insulin receptor binding to insulin.
GO:0016020	A lipid bilayer along with all the proteins and protein complexes embedded in it and attached to it.
GO:0046627	Any process that stops, prevents, or reduces the frequency, rate or extent of insulin receptor signaling.
