GO:0004950	Combining with a chemokine, and transmitting the signal from one side of the membrane to the other to initiate a change in cell activity. Chemokines are a family of small chemotactic cytokines; their name is derived from their ability to induce directed chemotaxis in nearby responsive cells. All chemokines possess a number of conserved cysteine residues involved in intramolecular disulfide bond formation. Some chemokines are considered pro-inflammatory and can be induced during an immune response to recruit cells of the immune system to a site of infection, while others are considered homeostatic and are involved in controlling the migration of cells during normal processes of tissue maintenance or development. Chemokines are found in all vertebrates, some viruses and some bacteria.
GO:0007010	A process that is carried out at the cellular level which results in the assembly, arrangement of constituent parts, or disassembly of cytoskeletal structures.
GO:0004930	Combining with an extracellular signal and transmitting the signal across the membrane by activating an associated G-protein; promotes the exchange of GDP for GTP on the alpha subunit of a heterotrimeric G-protein complex.
GO:0007165	The cellular process in which a signal is conveyed to trigger a change in the activity or state of a cell. Signal transduction begins with reception of a signal (e.g. a ligand binding to a receptor or receptor activation by a stimulus such as light), or for signal transduction in the absence of ligand, signal-withdrawal or the activity of a constitutively active receptor. Signal transduction ends with regulation of a downstream cellular process, e.g. regulation of transcription or regulation of a metabolic process. Signal transduction covers signaling from receptors located on the surface of the cell and signaling via molecules located within the cell. For signaling between cells, signal transduction is restricted to events at and within the receiving cell.
GO:0007186	The series of molecular signals initiated by a ligand binding to its receptor, in which the activated receptor promotes the exchange of GDP for GTP on the alpha-subunit of an associated heterotrimeric G-protein complex. The GTP-bound activated alpha-G-protein then dissociates from the beta- and gamma-subunits to further transmit the signal within the cell. The pathway begins with receptor-ligand interaction, and ends with regulation of a downstream cellular process. The pathway can start from the plasma membrane, Golgi or nuclear membrane.
GO:1901386	Any process that stops, prevents or reduces the frequency, rate or extent of voltage-gated calcium channel activity.
GO:0005886	The membrane surrounding a cell that separates the cell from its external environment. It consists of a phospholipid bilayer and associated proteins.
GO:0016020	A lipid bilayer along with all the proteins and protein complexes embedded in it and attached to it.
GO:0007204	Any process that increases the concentration of calcium ions in the cytosol.
GO:0016494	Combining with a C-X-C chemokine and transmitting the signal from one side of the membrane to the other to initiate a change in cell activity. A C-X-C chemokine has a single amino acid between the first two cysteines of the characteristic four cysteine motif.
GO:0070098	The series of molecular signals initiated by a chemokine binding to its receptor on the surface of a target cell, and ending with the regulation of a downstream cellular process, e.g. transcription.
