GO:0016301	Catalysis of the transfer of a phosphate group, usually from ATP, to a substrate molecule.
GO:0005634	A membrane-bounded organelle of eukaryotic cells in which chromosomes are housed and replicated. In most cells, the nucleus contains all of the cell's chromosomes except the organellar chromosomes, and is the site of RNA synthesis and processing. In some species, or in specialized cell types, RNA metabolism or DNA replication may be absent.
GO:0007165	The cellular process in which a signal is conveyed to trigger a change in the activity or state of a cell. Signal transduction begins with reception of a signal (e.g. a ligand binding to a receptor or receptor activation by a stimulus such as light), or for signal transduction in the absence of ligand, signal-withdrawal or the activity of a constitutively active receptor. Signal transduction ends with regulation of a downstream cellular process, e.g. regulation of transcription or regulation of a metabolic process. Signal transduction covers signaling from receptors located on the surface of the cell and signaling via molecules located within the cell. For signaling between cells, signal transduction is restricted to events at and within the receiving cell.
GO:0005886	The membrane surrounding a cell that separates the cell from its external environment. It consists of a phospholipid bilayer and associated proteins.
GO:0005829	The part of the cytoplasm that does not contain organelles but which does contain other particulate matter, such as protein complexes.
GO:0005515	Binding to a protein.
GO:0090263	Any process that increases the rate, frequency, or extent of the Wnt signaling pathway through beta-catenin, the series of molecular signals initiated by binding of a Wnt protein to a frizzled family receptor on the surface of the target cell, followed by propagation of the signal via beta-catenin, and ending with a change in transcription of target genes.
GO:0006897	A vesicle-mediated transport process in which cells take up external materials or membrane constituents by the invagination of a part of the plasma membrane to form a new membrane-bounded vesicle.
GO:0005737	The contents of a cell excluding the plasma membrane and nucleus, but including other subcellular structures.
GO:0005524	Binding to ATP, adenosine 5'-triphosphate, a universally important coenzyme and enzyme regulator.
GO:0016055	The series of molecular signals initiated by binding of a Wnt protein to a frizzled family receptor on the surface of a target cell and ending with a change in cell state.
GO:0004672	Catalysis of the phosphorylation of an amino acid residue in a protein, usually according to the reaction: a protein + ATP = a phosphoprotein + ADP.
GO:0016740	Catalysis of the transfer of a group, e.g. a methyl group, glycosyl group, acyl group, phosphorus-containing, or other groups, from one compound (generally regarded as the donor) to another compound (generally regarded as the acceptor). Transferase is the systematic name for any enzyme of EC class 2.
GO:0106310	Catalysis of the reactions: ATP + protein serine = ADP + protein serine phosphate.
GO:0004674	Catalysis of the reactions: ATP + protein serine = ADP + protein serine phosphate, and ATP + protein threonine = ADP + protein threonine phosphate.
GO:0000166	Binding to a nucleotide, any compound consisting of a nucleoside that is esterified with (ortho)phosphate or an oligophosphate at any hydroxyl group on the ribose or deoxyribose.
